hi I'm Julie back in New York City at
Jane our music in computer world and if
you've got an iPod and iPhone an mp3
player or you just love to listen to
music this next one it's for you
this week I tested out the JBL onstage 3
portable loudspeaker dock and I was
absolutely thrilled with it
JBL lets you set your music free in the
sense that you can finally connect to
your music and share it with others
JBL onstage 3 sets the mood for any
tailgate or party and fills the room
with clear accurate sound the dock is
packed full of great features that make
it a must to buy first of all JBL
onstage 3 is the perfect companion for
your music it comes with an RF remote
and you can use the wireless remote
control to control music and up to 50
feet in any direction which is awesome
even if you're another room you want to
play DJ you want to change the song you
don't have to make your way over to the
dock you can use the wireless remote
through the walls the JBL on stage 3 is
easy to take with you on the road it's
really small it's portable the dock
itself is lightweight but it's a
powerhouse of sound the second most
important thing about the JBL on stage 3
is that it's easy to use and highly
compatible what I'm talking about is you
can control the volume with just one
touch the volumes are right here in the
front you can increase or decrease the
sound
similarly with one touch you can mute or
unmute the system you can also do it
with the wireless remote control and a
great added feature that JBL remembers
the volume you are last on before you
shut the system down it really takes the
guesswork out of adjusting volume levels
to use the JBL you simply dock your
music player like I've done here with my
Nano and you're good to go the JBL is
compatible with most versions of the
iPod which includes the Nano and the 5g
versions but it doesn't dock iPod
shuffle so make sure you you have one of
the other versions you can also connect
your iPhone easily you can use the mini
jack to connect a variety of other
devices like your standard mp3 player a
CD player satellite radio or even hook
it up to your computer another thing I
really love about the JBL on stage 3 is
that every time you dock your iPod it
charges it even when you're not
connected to the computer
all calls this ever charged topology
plus every time you dock your iPod you
can also synchronize your music this is
all made possible through JBL's one
point design now that JBL on stage three
remote has several modes of operation
like music mode where he can control
volume and the track and navigation mode
where you can access menus like the same
ones that are actually on your iPhone so
you can also search for your music you
can watch any slideshows you might have
created and you can find and play your
videos you can also play any audio
device through the auxilary 3.5
millimeter input and the dock is
battery-powered and it takes about six
double-a batteries and it lasts for up
to 12 hours of continuous play when the
batteries get low though this is great
the amber light amber LED light flashes
and it's telling you to charge those
batteries so now if you're really
blasting the music blasting the sound
you're throwing a huge party you might
need to change the batteries before 12
hours and you might even consider
rechargeable batteries to help save the
environment when you're doing it so if
you're looking for something you're
looking to become the most popular party
loving host on the block the JBL on
stage 3 it's for you to get one for
yourself give us a call at